YOU. THAT IS "ALL IN" FOR THIS
THAT IS "ALL IN" FOR THIS EVENING.
EVENING. "THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STARTS
"THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STARTS RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW. GOOD EVENING.
GOOD EVENING. >> THANKS, MY FRIEND.
>> THANKS, MY FRIEND. AND THANKS FOR JOINING US THIS
AND THANKS FOR JOINING US THIS HOUR.
HOUR. IN THE SUMMER OF 1974, THE
IN THE SUMMER OF 1974, THE SPECIAL COUNSEL WHO WAS
SPECIAL COUNSEL WHO WAS INVESTIGATING THE WATERGATE
INVESTIGATING THE WATERGATE SCANDAL WROTE A LETTER TO
SCANDAL WROTE A LETTER TO CONGRESS, TO THE JUDICIARY
CONGRESS, TO THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE IN CONGRESS DETAILING
COMMITTEE IN CONGRESS DETAILING WHAT HIS INVESTIGATION, WHAT HIS
WHAT HIS INVESTIGATION, WHAT HIS PROSECUTORS AND INVESTIGATORS
PROSECUTORS AND INVESTIGATORS HAD TURNED UP ABOUT CRIMINAL
HAD TURNED UP ABOUT CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR BY THE PRESIDENT AT THE
BEHAVIOR BY THE PRESIDENT AT THE TIME, PRESIDENT RICHARD NIXON.
TIME, PRESIDENT RICHARD NIXON. NOW, BY THIS POINT, BY THE
NOW, BY THIS POINT, BY THE SUMMER OF 1974, THE PRESIDENT’S
SUMMER OF 1974, THE PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN, THAT WOULD
CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN, THAT WOULD ALSO HAVE BEEN HIS ATTORNEY
ALSO HAVE BEEN HIS ATTORNEY GENERAL, THE PRESIDENT’S WHITE
GENERAL, THE PRESIDENT’S WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF, A WHOLE
HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF, A WHOLE BUNCH OF OTHER SENIOR WHITE
BUNCH OF OTHER SENIOR WHITE HOUSE PERSONNEL FROM THE NIXON
HOUSE PERSONNEL FROM THE NIXON ADMINISTRATION, HAD ALREADY BEEN
ADMINISTRATION, HAD ALREADY BEEN INDICTED A FEW MONTHS EARLIER
INDICTED A FEW MONTHS EARLIER FOR SERIOUS CRIMES.
FOR SERIOUS CRIMES. AND IN CONJUNCTION WITH THAT
AND IN CONJUNCTION WITH THAT INDICTMENT, THE GRAND JURY HAD
INDICTMENT, THE GRAND JURY HAD NAMED PRESIDENT NIXON AS A
NAMED PRESIDENT NIXON AS A CO-CONSPIRATOR.
CO-CONSPIRATOR. EVEN THOUGH HE PERSONALLY WAS
EVEN THOUGH HE PERSONALLY WAS NOT INCLUDED AS A DEFENDANT IN
NOT INCLUDED AS A DEFENDANT IN THE INDICTMENT.
THE INDICTMENT. HE WAS THE UNINDICTED
HE WAS THE UNINDICTED CO-CONSPIRATOR.
CO-CONSPIRATOR. NOW, THE LEGAL TEAM WORKING FOR
NOW, THE LEGAL TEAM WORKING FOR PRESIDENT NIXON AT THE TIME
PRESIDENT NIXON AT THE TIME RAISED A CHALLENGE TO THAT.
RAISED A CHALLENGE TO THAT. THEY BASICALLY CHALLENGED
THEY BASICALLY CHALLENGED WHETHER THE INFORMATION IN THE
WHETHER THE INFORMATION IN THE CASE, THE EVIDENCE SEEN BY THE
CASE, THE EVIDENCE SEEN BY THE GRAND JURY THAT PRODUCED THAT
GRAND JURY THAT PRODUCED THAT INDICTMENT, PRODUCED THOSE
INDICTMENT, PRODUCED THOSE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST THE
ALLEGATIONS AGAINST THE PRESIDENT, THE PRESIDENT’S LEGAL
PRESIDENT, THE PRESIDENT’S LEGAL TEAM QUESTIONED WHETHER THAT
TEAM QUESTIONED WHETHER THAT EVIDENCE WAS ACTUALLY SUFFICIENT
EVIDENCE WAS ACTUALLY SUFFICIENT TO WARRANT SOMETHING AS RADICAL
TO WARRANT SOMETHING AS RADICAL AS NAMING THE SERVING PRESIDENT
AS NAMING THE SERVING PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AS PART OF
OF THE UNITED STATES AS PART OF A SERIOUS CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY.
A SERIOUS CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY. AND SO WHEN THE PRESIDENT’S
AND SO WHEN THE PRESIDENT’S LEGAL TEAM RAISED THAT
LEGAL TEAM RAISED THAT OBJECTION, THIS KIND OF
OBJECTION, THIS KIND OF MOMENTOUS THING HAPPENED, AT THE
MOMENTOUS THING HAPPENED, AT THE HEIGHT OF THE SUMMER IN 1974.
HEIGHT OF THE SUMMER IN 1974. BECAUSE THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
BECAUSE THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE IN CONGRESS, CHAIRMAN OF THE
IN CONGRESS, CHAIRMAN OF THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, WROTE TO
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, WROTE TO THE WATERGATE SPECIAL COUNSEL,
THE WATERGATE SPECIAL COUNSEL, THE PROSECUTOR WHO HAD BROUGHT
THE PROSECUTOR WHO HAD BROUGHT THAT INDICTMENT, AND SAID
THAT INDICTMENT, AND SAID BASICALLY HEY, YOU OBTAINED THIS
BASICALLY HEY, YOU OBTAINED THIS INDICTMENT, YOU PRESENTED
INDICTMENT, YOU PRESENTED EVIDENCE TO THE GRAND JURY
EVIDENCE TO THE GRAND JURY SUFFICIENT TO WARRANT THIS
SUFFICIENT TO WARRANT THIS INDICTMENT.
INDICTMENT. IF, IN FACT, THAT EVIDENCE WAS
IF, IN FACT, THAT EVIDENCE WAS ALSO SUFFICIENT TO WARRANT
ALSO SUFFICIENT TO WARRANT NAMING THE PRESIDENT AS A
NAMING THE PRESIDENT AS A CO-CONSPIRATOR IN THESE CRIMES,
CO-CONSPIRATOR IN THESE CRIMES, WELL, LET’S HEAR IT.
WELL, LET’S HEAR IT. WHAT IS THAT EVIDENCE?
WHAT IS THAT EVIDENCE? WHAT IS IT THAT YOU FOUND ABOUT
WHAT IS IT THAT YOU FOUND ABOUT PRESIDENT RICHARD NIXON THAT
PRESIDENT RICHARD NIXON THAT JUSTIFIED THIS ALLEGATION THAT
JUSTIFIED THIS ALLEGATION THAT HE WAS IN ON ALL OF THESE
HE WAS IN ON ALL OF THESE CRIMES, TOO?
CRIMES, TOO? AND THE SPECIAL COUNSEL FOR
AND THE SPECIAL COUNSEL FOR WATERGATE RESPONDED, BASICALLY
WATERGATE RESPONDED, BASICALLY SAID OKAY, HERE YOU GO, DEAR MR.
SAID OKAY, HERE YOU GO, DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN, HAPPY TO.
CHAIRMAN, HAPPY TO. YOU SEND US A SUBPOENA, WE’LL
YOU SEND US A SUBPOENA, WE’LL HAPPILY SEND YOU OVER OUR
HAPPILY SEND YOU OVER OUR SUMMARY OF EVIDENCE PERTAINING
SUMMARY OF EVIDENCE PERTAINING TO PRESIDENT NIXON’S CONDUCT IN
TO PRESIDENT NIXON’S CONDUCT IN THE WATERGATE MANNER.
THE WATERGATE MANNER. AND THE PROSECUTOR THEN PRODUCED
AND THE PROSECUTOR THEN PRODUCED PAGE AFTER PAGE AFTER PAGE AFTER
PAGE AFTER PAGE AFTER PAGE AFTER PAGE OF DETAILED ALLEGATIONS
PAGE OF DETAILED ALLEGATIONS THAT NIXON HAD, IN FACT,
THAT NIXON HAD, IN FACT, COMMITTED TONS OF CRIMES,
COMMITTED TONS OF CRIMES, INCLUDING LOTS OF CRIMINAL
INCLUDING LOTS OF CRIMINAL OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. "BEGINNING NO LATER THAN MARCH
"BEGINNING NO LATER THAN MARCH 21st, 1973, THE PRESIDENT JOINED
21st, 1973, THE PRESIDENT JOINED AN ONGOING CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY
AN ONGOING CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY TO OBSTRUCT A CRIMINAL
TO OBSTRUCT A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION AND TO COMMIT
INVESTIGATION AND TO COMMIT PERJURY, INCLUDING MAKING AND
PERJURY, INCLUDING MAKING AND CAUSING TO BE MADE FALSE
CAUSING TO BE MADE FALSE STATEMENTS AND DECLARATIONS,
STATEMENTS AND DECLARATIONS, MAKING OFFERS OF CLEMENCY AND
MAKING OFFERS OF CLEMENCY AND LENIENCY, AND OBTAINING
LENIENCY, AND OBTAINING INFORMATION FROM THE JUSTICE
INFORMATION FROM THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO THWART ITS
DEPARTMENT TO THWART ITS INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THERE’S EVIDENCE THAT THE
THERE’S EVIDENCE THAT THE PRESIDENT CONSPIRED WITH OTHERS
PRESIDENT CONSPIRED WITH OTHERS TO DEFRAUD THE UNITED STATES,
TO DEFRAUD THE UNITED STATES, AND TO COMMIT VIOLATIONS OF
AND TO COMMIT VIOLATIONS OF CERTAIN FEDERAL CRIMINAL LAWS,
CERTAIN FEDERAL CRIMINAL LAWS, TO WIT, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE,
TO WIT, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, INCLUDING PAYING OF FUNDS AND
INCLUDING PAYING OF FUNDS AND OFFS OF CLEMENCY AND OTHER
OFFS OF CLEMENCY AND OTHER BENEFITS TO INFLUENCE THE
BENEFITS TO INFLUENCE THE TESTIMONY OF WITNESSES.
TESTIMONY OF WITNESSES. MAKING AND FACILITATING, THE
MAKING AND FACILITATING, THE MAKING OF FALSE STATEMENTS AND
MAKING OF FALSE STATEMENTS AND DECLARATIONS, OBTAINING
DECLARATIONS, OBTAINING INFORMATION ABOUT THE ONGOING
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ONGOING INFORMATION FROM THE JUSTICE
INFORMATION FROM THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT FOR THE PURPOSE OF
DEPARTMENT FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIVERTING OR THWARTING THE
DIVERTING OR THWARTING THE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. ALSO PERJURY, INCLUDING THE
ALSO PERJURY, INCLUDING THE PRESIDENT’S DIRECT AND PERSONAL
PRESIDENT’S DIRECT AND PERSONAL EFFORTS TO ENCOURAGE AND
EFFORTS TO ENCOURAGE AND FACILITATE THE GIVING OF
FACILITATE THE GIVING OF MISLEADING AND FALSE TESTIMONY
MISLEADING AND FALSE TESTIMONY BY AIDES.
BY AIDES. ALSO, BRIBERY BY DIRECTLY AND
ALSO, BRIBERY BY DIRECTLY AND INDIRECTLY OFFERING SOMETHING OF
INDIRECTLY OFFERING SOMETHING OF VALUE, INCLUDING CLEMENCY AND/OR
VALUE, INCLUDING CLEMENCY AND/OR A PARDON, WITH THE INTENT TO
A PARDON, WITH THE INTENT TO INFLUENCE TESTIMONY BEFORE GRAND
INFLUENCE TESTIMONY BEFORE GRAND JURIES, COURTS, AND
JURIES, COURTS, AND CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES. ALSO OBSTRUCTION OF A CRIMINAL
ALSO OBSTRUCTION OF A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. INVESTIGATION."
INVESTIGATION." IT GOES ON AND ON.
IT GOES ON AND ON. THAT’S EVIDENCE TO DEMONSTRATE
THAT’S EVIDENCE TO DEMONSTRATE THAT PRESIDENT NIXON TOOK DIRECT
THAT PRESIDENT NIXON TOOK DIRECT ACTION TO FURTHER THE CONSPIRACY
ACTION TO FURTHER THE CONSPIRACY OUTLINED ABOVE.
OUTLINED ABOVE. THESE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST NIXON
THESE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST NIXON FROM 1974, AND THE EVIDENCE THAT
FROM 1974, AND THE EVIDENCE THAT SUPPORTED THESE ALLEGATIONS
SUPPORTED THESE ALLEGATIONS AGAINST NIXON, THEY’VE GOTTEN A
AGAINST NIXON, THEY’VE GOTTEN A LOT OF ATTENTION THIS YEAR,
LOT OF ATTENTION THIS YEAR, RIGHT?
RIGHT? AND THAT’S IN PART BECAUSE A
AND THAT’S IN PART BECAUSE A WHOLE BUNCH OF THIS STUFF ABOUT
WHOLE BUNCH OF THIS STUFF ABOUT NIXON HAS BEEN UNSEALED, JUST
NIXON HAS BEEN UNSEALED, JUST MADE AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC FOR
MADE AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC FOR THE FIRST TIME, SO THERE’S
THE FIRST TIME, SO THERE’S HISTORICAL INTEREST, BUT
HISTORICAL INTEREST, BUT HONESTLY, WHAT IS DRIVING A LOT
HONESTLY, WHAT IS DRIVING A LOT OF THAT HISTORICAL INTEREST,
OF THAT HISTORICAL INTEREST, WHAT’S BEEN DRIVING THE EFFORT
WHAT’S BEEN DRIVING THE EFFORT TO GET A BUNCH OF THIS STUFF
TO GET A BUNCH OF THIS STUFF UNSEALED NOW, IS THE ALMOST
UNSEALED NOW, IS THE ALMOST UNCANNILY PARALLEL EXPERIENCE WE
UNCANNILY PARALLEL EXPERIENCE WE ARE HAVING RIGHT NOW IN OUR
ARE HAVING RIGHT NOW IN OUR LIFETIME WHEN IT COMES TO OUR
LIFETIME WHEN IT COMES TO OUR CURRENT PRESIDENT.
CURRENT PRESIDENT. I MEAN, EVEN JUST LOOKING AT
I MEAN, EVEN JUST LOOKING AT THIS ONE EXCHANGE OF
THIS ONE EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION, BETWEEN THE
INFORMATION, BETWEEN THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AND THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE AND THE WATERGATE PROSECUTOR IN ’74,
WATERGATE PROSECUTOR IN ’74, JUST PULL A COUPLE OF THOSE
JUST PULL A COUPLE OF THOSE BULLET POINTS, SEE IF ANY OF
BULLET POINTS, SEE IF ANY OF THESE THINGS RING A BELL, RIGHT?
THESE THINGS RING A BELL, RIGHT? MAKING AND FACILITATING THE
MAKING AND FACILITATING THE MAKING OF FALSE STATEMENTS AND
MAKING OF FALSE STATEMENTS AND DECK HA RATIONLARATIONS ABOUT TH
DECK HA RATIONLARATIONS ABOUT TH INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. OBTAINING INFORMATION ABOUT THE
OBTAINING INFORMATION ABOUT THE ONGOING INVESTIGATION FOR THE
ONGOING INVESTIGATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIE VERTING OR
PURPOSE OF DIE VERTING OR THWARTING THAT INVESTIGATION.
THWARTING THAT INVESTIGATION. THESE COULD BE CAPTIONS FOR A
THESE COULD BE CAPTIONS FOR A PICTURE BOOK TOUR FOR THE NIXON
PICTURE BOOK TOUR FOR THE NIXON OR TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, EITHER
OR TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, EITHER WAY.
WAY. WHEN IT CAME TO NIXON, IT TURNED
WHEN IT CAME TO NIXON, IT TURNED OUT AT THE TIME, AND WE CAN NOW
OUT AT THE TIME, AND WE CAN NOW SEE MORE CLEARLY THAN EVER, 45
SEE MORE CLEARLY THAN EVER, 45 YEARS DOWN THE LINE, IT TURNED
YEARS DOWN THE LINE, IT TURNED OUT THERE WERE MOUNTAINS OF THIS
OUT THERE WERE MOUNTAINS OF THIS STUFF, THIS EVIDENCE OF NIXON’S
STUFF, THIS EVIDENCE OF NIXON’S CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR, MOUNTAINS OF
CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR, MOUNTAINS OF THIS STUFF THAT WAS TURNED UP BY
THIS STUFF THAT WAS TURNED UP BY FEDERAL INVESTIGATORS.
FEDERAL INVESTIGATORS. NOW, IN OUR LIFETIME, WE KNOW
NOW, IN OUR LIFETIME, WE KNOW VERY LITTLE ABOUT WHAT FEDERAL
VERY LITTLE ABOUT WHAT FEDERAL PROSECUTORS AND INVESTIGATORS
PROSECUTORS AND INVESTIGATORS HAVE ABOUT OUR CURRENT
HAVE ABOUT OUR CURRENT PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. BUT NEVERTHELESS, WE HAVE STILL
BUT NEVERTHELESS, WE HAVE STILL GOT OUR OWN MOUNTAIN OF
GOT OUR OWN MOUNTAIN OF REPORTING AND EVIDENCE, ABOUT A
REPORTING AND EVIDENCE, ABOUT A BIGGER NUMBER OF ALLEGED
BIGGER NUMBER OF ALLEGED OBSTRUCTION BY THE PRESIDENT.
OBSTRUCTION BY THE PRESIDENT. JUST STUFF TURNED UP BY
JUST STUFF TURNED UP BY INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING AND JUST
INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING AND JUST ADMITTED TO BY THE PRESIDENT AND
ADMITTED TO BY THE PRESIDENT AND OTHER SENIOR FIGURES THEM
OTHER SENIOR FIGURES THEM SOUTHEAST S
SOUTHEAST S SELVES OR JUST COMMITTED OPENLY
SELVES OR JUST COMMITTED OPENLY OUT LOUD, TO THE POINT WHERE
OUT LOUD, TO THE POINT WHERE IT’S BEEN SQUIRMINGLY AWKWARD
IT’S BEEN SQUIRMINGLY AWKWARD FOR THOSE INVOLVED.
FOR THOSE INVOLVED. >> HAVE YOU TALKED ABOUT THIS
>> HAVE YOU TALKED ABOUT THIS ISSUE WITH ADMIRAL ROGERS?
ISSUE WITH ADMIRAL ROGERS? >> THAT IS -- THAT IS SOMETHING
>> THAT IS -- THAT IS SOMETHING THAT I, UM, WOULD LIKE TO
THAT I, UM, WOULD LIKE TO WITHHOLD, THAT QUESTION AT THIS
WITHHOLD, THAT QUESTION AT THIS PARTICULAR POINT IN TIME.
PARTICULAR POINT IN TIME. >> THAT EXCRUCIATINGLY PREGNANT
>> THAT EXCRUCIATINGLY PREGNANT NINE-SECOND LONG PAUSE, BROUGHT
NINE-SECOND LONG PAUSE, BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE DIRECTOR OF
TO YOU BY THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, THAT WAS
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, THAT WAS THE DAY AFTER NBC NEWS REPORTED
THE DAY AFTER NBC NEWS REPORTED THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED HIM,
THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED HIM, AND ALSO THE HEAD OF THE
AND ALSO THE HEAD OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY, HEAD
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY, HEAD OF THE NSA, ADMIRAL MIKE ROGERS,
OF THE NSA, ADMIRAL MIKE ROGERS, NBC REPORTED THAT THE PRESIDENT
NBC REPORTED THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED THEM BOTH TO MAKE PUBLIC
ASKED THEM BOTH TO MAKE PUBLIC STATEMENTS SAYING THAT THEY AND
STATEMENTS SAYING THAT THEY AND THEIR AGENCIES KNEW THAT
THEIR AGENCIES KNEW THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS CAPTAIN
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS CAPTAIN PAIN HAD
PAIN HAD -- HIS CAMPAIGN HADN’T COLLUDED
-- HIS CAMPAIGN HADN’T COLLUDED WITH RUSSIA.
WITH RUSSIA. THE DAY BEFORE THAT NINE-SECOND
THE DAY BEFORE THAT NINE-SECOND PAUSE, NBC REPORTED THAT NOT
PAUSE, NBC REPORTED THAT NOT ONLY HAD PRESIDENT TRUMP
ONLY HAD PRESIDENT TRUMP DIRECTED HIM AS THE DIRECTOR OF
DIRECTED HIM AS THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE AND ALSO
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE AND ALSO THE HEAD OF THE NSA TO MAKE
THE HEAD OF THE NSA TO MAKE THOSE PUBLIC STATEMENTS TO
THOSE PUBLIC STATEMENTS TO UNDERMINE THE RUSSIA
UNDERMINE THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION, BUT ALSO THE TWO
INVESTIGATION, BUT ALSO THE TWO OF THEM, HEAD OF THE NSA, HEAD
OF THEM, HEAD OF THE NSA, HEAD OF THE OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF
OF THE OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, THE TWO
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, THE TWO OF THEM TALKED TO EACH OTHER
OF THEM TALKED TO EACH OTHER ABOUT THAT REQUEST FROM THE
ABOUT THAT REQUEST FROM THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. SORT OF COMPARED NOTES AFTER THE
SORT OF COMPARED NOTES AFTER THE PRESIDENT APPROACHED THEM BOTH.
PRESIDENT APPROACHED THEM BOTH. >> I’LL ASK BOTH OF YOU THE SAME
>> I’LL ASK BOTH OF YOU THE SAME QUESTION, WHY ARE YOU NOT
QUESTION, WHY ARE YOU NOT ANSWERING THESE QUESTIONS?
ANSWERING THESE QUESTIONS? IS THERE AN INVOCATION BY THE
IS THERE AN INVOCATION BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE, IS THERE
OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE, IS THERE OR NOT?
OR NOT? >> NOT THAT I’M AWARE OF.
>> NOT THAT I’M AWARE OF. >> WHY ARE YOU NOT --
>> WHY ARE YOU NOT -- >> I FEEL IT IS INAPPROPRIATE,
>> I FEEL IT IS INAPPROPRIATE, SENATOR.
SENATOR. >> WHAT YOU FEEL ISN’T RELEVANT,
>> WHAT YOU FEEL ISN’T RELEVANT, ADMIRAL.
ADMIRAL. WHAT YOU FEEL ISN’T THE
WHAT YOU FEEL ISN’T THE ANSWER -- WHY ARE YOU NOT
ANSWER -- WHY ARE YOU NOT ANSWERING THE QUESTIONS?
ANSWERING THE QUESTIONS? IS IT AN INNOVATION OF EXECUTIVE
IS IT AN INNOVATION OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE?
PRIVILEGE? IF THERE IS, LET’S KNOW ABOUT
IF THERE IS, LET’S KNOW ABOUT IT.
IT. IF THERE ISN’T, ANSWER THE
IF THERE ISN’T, ANSWER THE QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS. >> I STAND BY MY COMMENTS, I
>> I STAND BY MY COMMENTS, I DON’T MEAN THAT IN A CONTENTIOUS
DON’T MEAN THAT IN A CONTENTIOUS WAY.
WAY. >> I DO MEAN IT IN A CONTENTIOUS
>> I DO MEAN IT IN A CONTENTIOUS WAY.
WAY. I DON’T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU’RE
I DON’T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU’RE NOT ANSWERING OUR QUESTIONS.
NOT ANSWERING OUR QUESTIONS. WHEN YOU WERE CONFIRMED BEFORE
WHEN YOU WERE CONFIRMED BEFORE THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE,
THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE, YOU TOOK AN OATH.
YOU TOOK AN OATH. DO YOU SWEAR TO GIVE THE
DO YOU SWEAR TO GIVE THE COMMITTEE THE TRUTH, THE FULL
COMMITTEE THE TRUTH, THE FULL TRUTH, AND NOTHING BUT THE
TRUTH, AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH, SO HELP YOU GOD, AND YOU
TRUTH, SO HELP YOU GOD, AND YOU ANSWERED YES TO THAT.
ANSWERED YES TO THAT. >> AND I ANSWERED THAT THOSE
>> AND I ANSWERED THAT THOSE CONVERSATIONS ARE CLASSIFIED.
CONVERSATIONS ARE CLASSIFIED. AND IT’S NOT APPROPRIATE TO
AND IT’S NOT APPROPRIATE TO DISCUSS THOSE CONVERSATIONS.
DISCUSS THOSE CONVERSATIONS. >> WHAT IS CLASSIFIED WHETHER OR
>> WHAT IS CLASSIFIED WHETHER OR NOT YOU SHOULD INTERVENE IN THE
NOT YOU SHOULD INTERVENE IN THE FBI INVESTIGATION?
FBI INVESTIGATION? >> I STAND BY MY PREVIOUS
>> I STAND BY MY PREVIOUS COMMENTS.
COMMENTS. >> MR. COTES, WHAT IS THE BASIS
>> MR. COTES, WHAT IS THE BASIS FOR YOUR REFUSAL TO ANSWER THESE
FOR YOUR REFUSAL TO ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS TODAY?
QUESTIONS TODAY? >> THE BASIS IS THAT WHAT I HAVE
>> THE BASIS IS THAT WHAT I HAVE PREVIOUSLY EXPLAINED.
PREVIOUSLY EXPLAINED. I DO NOT BELIEVE IT IS
I DO NOT BELIEVE IT IS APPROPRIATE FOR ME TO --
APPROPRIATE FOR ME TO -- >> WHAT’S THE BASIS -- I’M NOT
>> WHAT’S THE BASIS -- I’M NOT SATISFIED CAN, I DO NOT BELIEVE
SATISFIED CAN, I DO NOT BELIEVE IT’S APPROPRIATE OR I DO NOT
IT’S APPROPRIATE OR I DO NOT FEEL I SHOULD ANSWER.
FEEL I SHOULD ANSWER. I WANT TO ANSWER A LEGAL BASIS,
I WANT TO ANSWER A LEGAL BASIS, YOU SWORE THAT OATH TO TELL US
YOU SWORE THAT OATH TO TELL US THE TRUTH, THE WHOLE TRUTH, AND
THE TRUTH, THE WHOLE TRUTH, AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH, AND TODAY
NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH, AND TODAY YOU ARE REFUSING TO DO SO.
YOU ARE REFUSING TO DO SO. WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS FOR YOUR
WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS FOR YOUR REFUSAL TO TESTIFY TO THIS
REFUSAL TO TESTIFY TO THIS COMMIT ANY
COMMIT ANY >> I’M NOT SURE I HAVE A LEGAL
>> I’M NOT SURE I HAVE A LEGAL BASIS.
BASIS. >> SO ALREADY THIS STUFF IS OUT
>> SO ALREADY THIS STUFF IS OUT THERE, RIGHT?
THERE, RIGHT? THAT’S WHY THESE SENATORS ARE
THAT’S WHY THESE SENATORS ARE ABLE TO ASK THESE QUESTIONS.
ABLE TO ASK THESE QUESTIONS. IN THIS CASE, SENATOR KING OF
IN THIS CASE, SENATOR KING OF MAINE, RIGHT?
MAINE, RIGHT? THOSE TWO INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
THOSE TWO INTELLIGENCE AGENCY CHIEFS ARE ON THE HOTSEAT THERE
CHIEFS ARE ON THE HOTSEAT THERE BECAUSE OF PUBLIC REPORTS THAT
BECAUSE OF PUBLIC REPORTS THAT THESE SENIOR INTELLIGENCE
THESE SENIOR INTELLIGENCE OFFICIALS, DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL
OFFICIALS, DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, HEAD OF THE NSA,
INTELLIGENCE, HEAD OF THE NSA, THE PRESIDENT ASKED THEM TO MAKE
THE PRESIDENT ASKED THEM TO MAKE STATEMENTS EXONERATING THE
STATEMENTS EXONERATING THE PRESIDENT IN THE RUSSIA
PRESIDENT IN THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. IN FACT, THE DAY BEFORE THAT
IN FACT, THE DAY BEFORE THAT EXCHANGE WITH ANGUS KING, "THE
EXCHANGE WITH ANGUS KING, "THE WASHINGTON POST" REPORTED THAT
WASHINGTON POST" REPORTED THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED FOR THESE
THE PRESIDENT ASKED FOR THESE EXONERATING STATEMENTINGS, BUT
EXONERATING STATEMENTINGS, BUT ASKED THEM TO TELL THE FBI TO
ASKED THEM TO TELL THE FBI TO STOP ITS INVESTIGATION ON THE
STOP ITS INVESTIGATION ON THE RUSSIA MATTER.
RUSSIA MATTER. INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY THEIR
INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY THEIR INVESTIGATION INTO THE NATIONAL
INVESTIGATION INTO THE NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER, MIKE FLYNN.
SECURITY ADVISER, MIKE FLYNN. SOME OF THE MOST POWERFUL
SOME OF THE MOST POWERFUL OBSTRUCTION EVIDENCE AGAINST
OBSTRUCTION EVIDENCE AGAINST NIXON FROM THE ’70s, SOME OF THE
NIXON FROM THE ’70s, SOME OF THE EVIDENCE THAT IS STILL THE MOST
EVIDENCE THAT IS STILL THE MOST WIDELY REMEMBERED STUFF, ALL
WIDELY REMEMBERED STUFF, ALL THESE DECADES LATER, SOME OF THE
THESE DECADES LATER, SOME OF THE MOST WIDELY REMEMBERED PARTS OF
MOST WIDELY REMEMBERED PARTS OF HIS OBSTRUCTION EFFORT IS WHEN
HIS OBSTRUCTION EFFORT IS WHEN HE TRIED TO BLOCK THE FBI
HE TRIED TO BLOCK THE FBI INVESTIGATION BY USING THE
INVESTIGATION BY USING THE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, BY USING
INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, BY USING THE CIA, TELLING THE FBI THERE
THE CIA, TELLING THE FBI THERE IS STUFF THEY COULDN’T LOOK
IS STUFF THEY COULDN’T LOOK INTO, BECAUSE THOSE WERE CIA
INTO, BECAUSE THOSE WERE CIA MATTERS, TRYING TO ENLIST THE
MATTERS, TRYING TO ENLIST THE CIA IN AN EFFORT TO COVER UP
CIA IN AN EFFORT TO COVER UP WHAT HE HAD DONE AND TO STOP THE
WHAT HE HAD DONE AND TO STOP THE FBI INVESTIGATION THAT WAS GOING
FBI INVESTIGATION THAT WAS GOING TO EXPOS HIM.
TO EXPOS HIM. WHEN IT COMES TO PRESIDENT
WHEN IT COMES TO PRESIDENT TRUMP, APPARENTLY TRYING THE
TRUMP, APPARENTLY TRYING THE SAME THING, NOT ONLY DID HE
SAME THING, NOT ONLY DID HE REPORTEDLY ASK THE HEADS OF TWO
REPORTEDLY ASK THE HEADS OF TWO INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES TO HELP
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES TO HELP HIM OUT WHEN IT CAME TO PUBLIC
HIM OUT WHEN IT CAME TO PUBLIC PERCEPTIONS OF THE RUSSIA
PERCEPTIONS OF THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION, HE SPECIFICALLY
INVESTIGATION, HE SPECIFICALLY REQUESTED THAT THEY SHOULD
REQUESTED THAT THEY SHOULD INTERVENE WITH THE FBI, TELL THE
INTERVENE WITH THE FBI, TELL THE FBI TO BACK OFF.
FBI TO BACK OFF. AND ACCORDING TO "THE WASHINGTON
AND ACCORDING TO "THE WASHINGTON POST," THAT REQUEST WAS MADE
POST," THAT REQUEST WAS MADE WHILE ANOTHER SENIOR OFFICIAL
WHILE ANOTHER SENIOR OFFICIAL WAS IN THE ROOM AND WITNESSED
WAS IN THE ROOM AND WITNESSED IT.
IT. A MAN NAMED MIKE POMPEO, WHO AT
A MAN NAMED MIKE POMPEO, WHO AT THE TIME OF THIS INCIDENT, WAS
THE TIME OF THIS INCIDENT, WAS THE HEAD OF THE CIA.
THE HEAD OF THE CIA. HE’S SINCE GONE ON TO BECOME
HE’S SINCE GONE ON TO BECOME SECRETARY OF STATE.
SECRETARY OF STATE. HERE’S HOW HE ANSWERED QUESTIONS
HERE’S HOW HE ANSWERED QUESTIONS THE DAY HE WAS IN THE ROOM, IN
THE DAY HE WAS IN THE ROOM, IN THE WHITE HOUSE, WHEN HE WAS THE
THE WHITE HOUSE, WHEN HE WAS THE SUPPOSED WITNESS TO THE
SUPPOSED WITNESS TO THE PRESIDENT TRYING TO ENLIST THE
PRESIDENT TRYING TO ENLIST THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL
DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TO KIBOSH THE
INTELLIGENCE TO KIBOSH THE INVESTIGATION INTO HIS CAMPAIGN
INVESTIGATION INTO HIS CAMPAIGN AS A HISTORICAL MIRROR TO WHAT
AS A HISTORICAL MIRROR TO WHAT NIXON GOT BUSTED FOR.
NIXON GOT BUSTED FOR. >> SO DIRECTOR, THIS ACCOUNT
>> SO DIRECTOR, THIS ACCOUNT STRONGLY SUGGESTS THAT THE
STRONGLY SUGGESTS THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED YOU AND DIRECTOR
PRESIDENT ASKED YOU AND DIRECTOR COTES TO INTERFERE WITH THEN FBI
COTES TO INTERFERE WITH THEN FBI DIRECTOR COMEY’S INVESTIGATIONS
DIRECTOR COMEY’S INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN’S
INTO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN’S CONTACTS WITH RUSSIA.
CONTACTS WITH RUSSIA. WHAT DID PRESIDENT TRUMP SAY TO
WHAT DID PRESIDENT TRUMP SAY TO YOU AND DIRECTOR COTES IN THAT
YOU AND DIRECTOR COTES IN THAT MEETING?
MEETING? >> SENATOR, I’M NOT GOING TO
>> SENATOR, I’M NOT GOING TO TALK ABOUT THE CONVERSATION THE
TALK ABOUT THE CONVERSATION THE PRESIDENT AND I HAD.
PRESIDENT AND I HAD. >> DID HE ASK YOU TO DO ANYTHING
>> DID HE ASK YOU TO DO ANYTHING AS IT RELATES TO THAT
AS IT RELATES TO THAT INVESTIGATION?
INVESTIGATION? >> SENATOR, I DON’T RECALL WHAT
>> SENATOR, I DON’T RECALL WHAT HE ASKED ME THAT DAY.
HE ASKED ME THAT DAY. >> I, I, MM, WHY WOULD SOMETHING
>> I, I, MM, WHY WOULD SOMETHING LIKE THAT STAND OUT?
LIKE THAT STAND OUT? THE PRESIDENT IN THE OVAL OFFICE
THE PRESIDENT IN THE OVAL OFFICE COMMITTING BLATANT OBSTRUCTION
COMMITTING BLATANT OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE WHEN IT’S JUST YOU AS
OF JUSTICE WHEN IT’S JUST YOU AS THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL
THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE.
INTELLIGENCE. THE PRESIDENT ASKED EVERYBODY
THE PRESIDENT ASKED EVERYBODY ELSE TO LEAVE AND MAKES THIS
ELSE TO LEAVE AND MAKES THIS REQUEST, WILL YOU PLEASE SHUT
REQUEST, WILL YOU PLEASE SHUT OFF THE INVESTIGATION INTO ME,
OFF THE INVESTIGATION INTO ME, WILL YOU MAKE THE FBI STOP
WILL YOU MAKE THE FBI STOP INVESTIGATING ME?
INVESTIGATING ME? WHY WOULD YOU REMEMBER THAT?
WHY WOULD YOU REMEMBER THAT? HAPPENS ALL THE TIME, RIGHT?
HAPPENS ALL THE TIME, RIGHT? WHY WOULD YOU RECALL?
WHY WOULD YOU RECALL? YOU KNOW, MAYBE IT DOES HAPPEN
YOU KNOW, MAYBE IT DOES HAPPEN ALL THE TIME.
ALL THE TIME. I MEAN, JUST LOOK AT WHERE WE
I MEAN, JUST LOOK AT WHERE WE ARE NOW.
ARE NOW. LOOK AT THE HEIGHT TO WHICH WE
LOOK AT THE HEIGHT TO WHICH WE HAVE RISEN.
HAVE RISEN. WITH NIXON, IT WAS A REVELATION
WITH NIXON, IT WAS A REVELATION AT THE END, ALL THE STUFF WE
AT THE END, ALL THE STUFF WE LEARNED THAT WE HAD DONE, ALL
LEARNED THAT WE HAD DONE, ALL THE STUFF THAT PROSECUTORS AND
THE STUFF THAT PROSECUTORS AND INVESTIGATORS COLLECTED EVIDENCE
INVESTIGATORS COLLECTED EVIDENCE OF IN TERMS OF HIS CRIMINAL
OF IN TERMS OF HIS CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR.
BEHAVIOR. WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP, IT’S BEEN
WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP, IT’S BEEN A MOUNTAIN THAT’S BEEN BUILT UP
A MOUNTAIN THAT’S BEEN BUILT UP IN PUBLIC, STONE BY STONE, FROM
IN PUBLIC, STONE BY STONE, FROM THE VERY BEGINNING, FROM THE
THE VERY BEGINNING, FROM THE VERY START OF THIS PRESIDENCY.
VERY START OF THIS PRESIDENCY. I MEAN, PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS NOT
I MEAN, PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS NOT CREDIBLY DENIED ANY OF THIS.
CREDIBLY DENIED ANY OF THIS. HE ASKED FBI DIRECTOR JAMES
HE ASKED FBI DIRECTOR JAMES COMEY TO LAY OFF THE FBI
COMEY TO LAY OFF THE FBI INVESTIGATION INTO MICHAEL FLYNN
INVESTIGATION INTO MICHAEL FLYNN AS IT PERTAINED TO RUSSIA.
AS IT PERTAINED TO RUSSIA. HE FIRED JAMES COMEY AS THE HEAD
HE FIRED JAMES COMEY AS THE HEAD OF THE FBI AFTER COMEY REFUSED
OF THE FBI AFTER COMEY REFUSED TO DO THAT AND MAKE EXONERATING
TO DO THAT AND MAKE EXONERATING STATEMENTS ABOUT THE PRESIDENT.
STATEMENTS ABOUT THE PRESIDENT. THE PRESIDENT ALSO TOLD ATTORNEY
THE PRESIDENT ALSO TOLD ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS, DIRECTED
GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS, DIRECTED HIM THAT HE SHOULDN’T FOLLOW THE
HIM THAT HE SHOULDN’T FOLLOW THE PROFESSIONAL ETHICS ADVICE OF
PROFESSIONAL ETHICS ADVICE OF THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, SHOULD.
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, SHOULD. FOLLOW JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RULES,
FOLLOW JUSTICE DEPARTMENT RULES, HE SHOULD DEFY THAT ADVICE AND
HE SHOULD DEFY THAT ADVICE AND RULES AND NOT RECUSE HIMSELF
RULES AND NOT RECUSE HIMSELF FROM OVERSEEING THE RUSSIA
FROM OVERSEEING THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION, BECAUSE THE
INVESTIGATION, BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT BELIEVED THAT CAUSED
PRESIDENT BELIEVED THAT CAUSED HIM TO LOSE CONTROL OF THE
HIM TO LOSE CONTROL OF THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION. THE PRESIDENT TOLD THEN ATTORNEY
THE PRESIDENT TOLD THEN ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS OUT LOUD
GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS OUT LOUD AND IN PUBLIC IN WRITING THAT HE
AND IN PUBLIC IN WRITING THAT HE NEEDED TO STOP THE RUSSIA
NEEDED TO STOP THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION "RIGHT NOW."
INVESTIGATION "RIGHT NOW." ONE OF THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS
ONE OF THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS QUICKLY TRIED TO EXPLAIN THAT
QUICKLY TRIED TO EXPLAIN THAT AWAY BY SAYING IT’S NOT A CALL
AWAY BY SAYING IT’S NOT A CALL TO ACTION.
TO ACTION. TO BE CLEAR THE EXACT QUOTE OF
TO BE CLEAR THE EXACT QUOTE OF THE PRESIDENT OUT LOUD, IN
THE PRESIDENT OUT LOUD, IN PUBLIC, WAS THIS, "ATTORNEY
PUBLIC, WAS THIS, "ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS SHOULD
GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS SHOULD STOP THIS RIGGED WITCH HUNT
STOP THIS RIGGED WITCH HUNT RIGHT NOW."
RIGHT NOW." THAT’S NOT A CALL TO ACTION.
THAT’S NOT A CALL TO ACTION. IT WAS LIKE A FORTUNE COOKIE
IT WAS LIKE A FORTUNE COOKIE THING, WE DON’T KNOW WHAT HE
THING, WE DON’T KNOW WHAT HE MEANT.
MEANT. IT’S AMBIGUOUS.
IT’S AMBIGUOUS. JUST TODAY, OUT LOUD, ONLINE,
JUST TODAY, OUT LOUD, ONLINE, THE PRESIDENT POSTED AN IMAGE
THE PRESIDENT POSTED AN IMAGE SUGGESTING THAT THE DEPUTY
SUGGESTING THAT THE DEPUTY ATTORNEY GENERAL, WHO UNTIL
ATTORNEY GENERAL, WHO UNTIL RECENTLY OVERSAW THE RUSSIA
RECENTLY OVERSAW THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION, HE SHOULD BE
INVESTIGATION, HE SHOULD BE JAILED AND TRIED FOR TREASON.
JAILED AND TRIED FOR TREASON. THE PRESIDENT WAS ASKED JUST
THE PRESIDENT WAS ASKED JUST TONIGHT "WHY DID YOU THINK ROD
TONIGHT "WHY DID YOU THINK ROD ROSENSTEIN BELONGS BEHIND BARS?"
ROSENSTEIN BELONGS BEHIND BARS?" THE PRESIDENT RESPONDED, HE
THE PRESIDENT RESPONDED, HE SHOULD HAVE NEVER PICKED A
SHOULD HAVE NEVER PICKED A SPECIAL COUNSEL.
SPECIAL COUNSEL. SO THE PRESIDENT SAYING A TOP
SO THE PRESIDENT SAYING A TOP JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL SHOULD BE JAILED AND CHARGED
SHOULD BE JAILED AND CHARGED WITH A CRIME, WHICH IS CAPITAL
WITH A CRIME, WHICH IS CAPITAL PUNISHMENT, FOR HAVING APPOINTED
PUNISHMENT, FOR HAVING APPOINTED A SPECIAL COUNSEL IN THE RUSSIA
A SPECIAL COUNSEL IN THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. IN THAT ONGOING INVESTIGATION.
IN THAT ONGOING INVESTIGATION. THE PRESIDENT, IN JUNE OF LAST
THE PRESIDENT, IN JUNE OF LAST YEAR, TOLD HIS WHITE HOUSE
YEAR, TOLD HIS WHITE HOUSE COUNSEL TO FIRE THE SPECIAL
COUNSEL TO FIRE THE SPECIAL COUNSEL LEADING THE RUSSIA
COUNSEL LEADING THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THE PRESIDENT IN DECEMBER DID
THE PRESIDENT IN DECEMBER DID THE SAME THING AGAIN.
THE SAME THING AGAIN. THE PRESIDENT, ON AUGUST 9th OF
THE PRESIDENT, ON AUGUST 9th OF LAST YEAR PLACED A PHONE CALL
LAST YEAR PLACED A PHONE CALL FROM HIS GOLF CLUB IN NEW JERSEY
FROM HIS GOLF CLUB IN NEW JERSEY TO THE MAJORITY LEADER IN THE
TO THE MAJORITY LEADER IN THE SENATE, MITCH McCONNELL, AND
SENATE, MITCH McCONNELL, AND EXCORIATING McCONNELL FOR
EXCORIATING McCONNELL FOR REFUSING TO PROTECT HIM, THE
REFUSING TO PROTECT HIM, THE PRESIDENT, FROM INVESTIGATIONS
PRESIDENT, FROM INVESTIGATIONS OF RUSSIA INTERFERENCE IN THE
OF RUSSIA INTERFERENCE IN THE 2016 ELECTION.
2016 ELECTION. MULTIPLE REPUBLICANS WERE
MULTIPLE REPUBLICANS WERE BRIEFED ON THAT CONVERSATION, IN
BRIEFED ON THAT CONVERSATION, IN WHICH THE PRESIDENT CALLED THE
WHICH THE PRESIDENT CALLED THE SENATE MAJORITY LEADER.
SENATE MAJORITY LEADER. THEIR ACCOUNTS THEN MADE THEIR
THEIR ACCOUNTS THEN MADE THEIR WAY INTO "THE NEW YORK TIMES."
WAY INTO "THE NEW YORK TIMES." IT WAS NEVER EVEN HALF HEARTEDLY
IT WAS NEVER EVEN HALF HEARTEDLY DENIED BY THE PRESIDENT.
DENIED BY THE PRESIDENT. EVEN MORE SPECIFICALLY THAN
EVEN MORE SPECIFICALLY THAN THAT, THE PRESIDENT REPEATEDLY
THAT, THE PRESIDENT REPEATEDLY DIRECTED NOT ONLY MITCH
DIRECTED NOT ONLY MITCH McCONNELL BUT ALSO ANOTHER
McCONNELL BUT ALSO ANOTHER REPUBLICAN AND SENATE
REPUBLICAN AND SENATE LEADERSHIP, SENATOR ROY BLOUNT
LEADERSHIP, SENATOR ROY BLOUNT AND SENATOR RICHARD BURR, THAT
AND SENATOR RICHARD BURR, THAT THEY SHOULD STOP THE
THEY SHOULD STOP THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIAN
INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE.
INTERFERENCE. AGAIN, THIS ISN’T CONTESTED BY
AGAIN, THIS ISN’T CONTESTED BY ANYBODY INVOLVED.
ANYBODY INVOLVED. THE SENATOR CONFIRMED THAT YEAH,
THE SENATOR CONFIRMED THAT YEAH, THE PRESIDENT DID CONTACT HIM
THE PRESIDENT DID CONTACT HIM AND TELL HIM TO END THE RUSSIA
AND TELL HIM TO END THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION IN THE SENATE.
INVESTIGATION IN THE SENATE. THE PRESIDENT HAS ALSO
THE PRESIDENT HAS ALSO PERSONALLY PARTICIPATED IN
PERSONALLY PARTICIPATED IN CONCOCTING FALSE PUBLIC
CONCOCTING FALSE PUBLIC STATEMENTS ABOUT KEY ISSUES THAT
STATEMENTS ABOUT KEY ISSUES THAT ARE PART OF THE INVESTIGATION,
ARE PART OF THE INVESTIGATION, INCLUDING THE FALSE STATEMENT HE
INCLUDING THE FALSE STATEMENT HE DRAFTED IN THE NAME OF HIS
DRAFTED IN THE NAME OF HIS ELDEST SON, CLAIMING A MEETING
ELDEST SON, CLAIMING A MEETING WITH RUSSIANS TO OBTAIN DAMAGING
WITH RUSSIANS TO OBTAIN DAMAGING INFORMATION ABOUT HILLARY
INFORMATION ABOUT HILLARY CLINTON WAS A MEETING ABOUT
CLINTON WAS A MEETING ABOUT RUSSIAN ADOPTIONS.
RUSSIAN ADOPTIONS. YOU’RE LIKE, OH, THAT’S CUTE.
YOU’RE LIKE, OH, THAT’S CUTE. THE NEWS FLASH THAT THE
THE NEWS FLASH THAT THE PRESIDENT LIED ABOUT A THING
PRESIDENT LIED ABOUT A THING ISN’T NEWS ANYMORE.
ISN’T NEWS ANYMORE. I KNOW, I KNOW,KY HEAR YOU
I KNOW, I KNOW,KY HEAR YOU THROUGH THE TV.
THROUGH THE TV. THAT MAY BE SO, THE PRESIDENT
THAT MAY BE SO, THE PRESIDENT LIES, IS LIKE, YOU KNOW, DOG
LIES, IS LIKE, YOU KNOW, DOG BITES MAN.
BITES MAN. IT MAY BE SO THAT’S NO LONGER
IT MAY BE SO THAT’S NO LONGER NEWS.
NEWS. GOD REST OUR SOULS FOR THAT.
GOD REST OUR SOULS FOR THAT. BUT IN THE CONTEXT OF A KEY
BUT IN THE CONTEXT OF A KEY MATTER THAT IS ACTIVELY UNDER
MATTER THAT IS ACTIVELY UNDER CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION,
CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION, CONCOCTING A FALSE PUBLIC
CONCOCTING A FALSE PUBLIC STATEMENT TO MISLEAD
STATEMENT TO MISLEAD INVESTIGATORS ABOUT THE NATURE
INVESTIGATORS ABOUT THE NATURE OF THAT INCIDENT, THAT ISN’T
OF THAT INCIDENT, THAT ISN’T JUST YOUR RUN OF THE MILL
JUST YOUR RUN OF THE MILL PRESIDENTIAL LIE, LEGALLY THAT
PRESIDENTIAL LIE, LEGALLY THAT COULD BE A PROBLEM.
COULD BE A PROBLEM. GO BACK TO ’74.
GO BACK TO ’74. GO BACK TO THE SUMMER OF ’74 FOR
GO BACK TO THE SUMMER OF ’74 FOR WHAT NIXON GOT IN TROUBLE WITH,
WHAT NIXON GOT IN TROUBLE WITH, RIGHT?
RIGHT? THE PRESIDENT JOINED AN ONGOING
THE PRESIDENT JOINED AN ONGOING CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY TO ON SFRUKT
CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY TO ON SFRUKT A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION,
A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION, INCLUDING MAKING FALSE
INCLUDING MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS AND DECLARATIONS.
STATEMENTS AND DECLARATIONS. AND WHAT WE HAVE ALREADY SEEN
AND WHAT WE HAVE ALREADY SEEN OUT IN PUBLIC, OPEN SOURCE
OUT IN PUBLIC, OPEN SOURCE REPORTING THAT THE PRESIDENT’S
REPORTING THAT THE PRESIDENT’S RUSSIA LAWYERS WENT PRIVATELY TO
RUSSIA LAWYERS WENT PRIVATELY TO TWO CRUCIAL FIGURES IN THE
TWO CRUCIAL FIGURES IN THE ONGOING INVESTIGATION, MIKE NINE
ONGOING INVESTIGATION, MIKE NINE AND PAUL MANAFORT, AND TALKED
AND PAUL MANAFORT, AND TALKED WITH THEIR LAWYERS ABOUT
WITH THEIR LAWYERS ABOUT POTENTIALLY RECEIVING PARDONS
POTENTIALLY RECEIVING PARDONS FROM THE PRESIDENT.
FROM THE PRESIDENT. THIS AT A TIME WHEN BOTH MEN
THIS AT A TIME WHEN BOTH MEN WERE ALREADY COOPERATING WITH OR
WERE ALREADY COOPERATING WITH OR CONSIDERING COOPERATING WITH
CONSIDERING COOPERATING WITH FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN THEIR
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN THEIR INVESTIGATION OF THE PRESIDENT.
INVESTIGATION OF THE PRESIDENT. JUST TODAY, IN AN INTERVIEW, THE
JUST TODAY, IN AN INTERVIEW, THE PRESIDENT PUBLICLY FLOATED THE
PRESIDENT PUBLICLY FLOATED THE IDEA OF A PARDON FOR HIS
IDEA OF A PARDON FOR HIS CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN PAUL MANAFORT.
CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN PAUL MANAFORT. WHY WOULD I TAKE THIS OFF THE
WHY WOULD I TAKE THIS OFF THE TABLE?
TABLE? WITH THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS NOW
WITH THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS NOW BRAGGING TO "THE NEW YORK TIMES"
BRAGGING TO "THE NEW YORK TIMES" AS OF LAST NIGHT THAT WHILE
AS OF LAST NIGHT THAT WHILE MANAFORT WAS SUPPOSEDLY
MANAFORT WAS SUPPOSEDLY COOPERATING WITH THEM, THEY IN
COOPERATING WITH THEM, THEY IN FACT WERE ACTUALLY USING HIM AS
FACT WERE ACTUALLY USING HIM AS A SOURCE OF INTEL TO FIND OUT ON
A SOURCE OF INTEL TO FIND OUT ON BEHALF OF THE PRESIDENT WHAT WAS
BEHALF OF THE PRESIDENT WHAT WAS GOING ON INSIDE THE SPECIAL
GOING ON INSIDE THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE, WHAT MUELLER’S
COUNSEL’S OFFICE, WHAT MUELLER’S PROSECUTORS WERE ASKING ABOUT
PROSECUTORS WERE ASKING ABOUT AND WHAT THEY WERE FOCUSING ON.
AND WHAT THEY WERE FOCUSING ON. AND WE’VE HEARD SOME OTHER
AND WE’VE HEARD SOME OTHER ELEMENTS OF THE PRESIDENT’S
ELEMENTS OF THE PRESIDENT’S BEHAVIOR THAT SOUND LIKE THIS
BEHAVIOR THAT SOUND LIKE THIS BEFORE, IT WAS REPORTED IN MARCH
BEFORE, IT WAS REPORTED IN MARCH BY "THE NEW YORK TIMES" THAT THE
BY "THE NEW YORK TIMES" THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED A COUPLE OF
PRESIDENT ASKED A COUPLE OF OTHER KEY WITNESSES WHO SPENT A
OTHER KEY WITNESSES WHO SPENT A LOT OF TIME WITH MUELLER’S
LOT OF TIME WITH MUELLER’S PROSECUTORS, DON McGHAN AND
PROSECUTORS, DON McGHAN AND REINCE PRIEBUS, FORMER WHITE
REINCE PRIEBUS, FORMER WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF.
HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF. "THE NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTED
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTED THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED BOTH OF
THAT THE PRESIDENT ASKED BOTH OF THEM DETAILED QUESTIONS ABOUT
THEM DETAILED QUESTIONS ABOUT THEIR INTERACTIONS WITH THE
THEIR INTERACTIONS WITH THE SPECIAL COUNSEL TO TRY TO GLEAN
SPECIAL COUNSEL TO TRY TO GLEAN INFORMATION FROM THEM ABOUT THE
INFORMATION FROM THEM ABOUT THE STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION.
STATUS OF THE INVESTIGATION. TALKING TO WITNESSES ABOUT THEIR
TALKING TO WITNESSES ABOUT THEIR TESTIMONY TO THE SPECIAL
TESTIMONY TO THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR.
PROSECUTOR. BUT NOW, WITH THIS NEW
BUT NOW, WITH THIS NEW DEVELOPMENT WITH MANAFORT, NOW
DEVELOPMENT WITH MANAFORT, NOW THE PRESIDENT IS DOING THAT WITH
THE PRESIDENT IS DOING THAT WITH A CONVICTED FELON, TO WHOM HE’S
A CONVICTED FELON, TO WHOM HE’S OPENLY DANGLING A PARDON.
OPENLY DANGLING A PARDON. I MEAN, IF YOU HAD BEEN SEALED
I MEAN, IF YOU HAD BEEN SEALED IN A VAULT FOR THE LAST TWO
IN A VAULT FOR THE LAST TWO YEARS, AND YOU CAME OUT TODAY
YEARS, AND YOU CAME OUT TODAY AND SOMEBODY HANDED YOU THAT
AND SOMEBODY HANDED YOU THAT LITANY OF BASICALLY UNCONTESTED
LITANY OF BASICALLY UNCONTESTED DETAILED REPORTING AND EVIDENCE
DETAILED REPORTING AND EVIDENCE ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S EFFORTS TO
ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S EFFORTS TO OBSTRUCT THIS SERIOUS ONGOING
OBSTRUCT THIS SERIOUS ONGOING CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION INTO
CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION INTO HIMSELF AND HIS ADMINISTRATION
HIMSELF AND HIS ADMINISTRATION AND THIS CAMPAIGN, YOU WOULD
AND THIS CAMPAIGN, YOU WOULD THINK YOU WERE READING A
THINK YOU WERE READING A BOMBSHELL INDICTMENT, RIGHT?
BOMBSHELL INDICTMENT, RIGHT? THAT SIGNALED THE END OF A
THAT SIGNALED THE END OF A PRESIDENCY, OR AT LEAST THE
PRESIDENCY, OR AT LEAST THE MIDDLE OF IMPEACHMENT
MIDDLE OF IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS, RIGHT?
PROCEEDINGS, RIGHT? BUT INSTEAD THAT’S JUST THE
BUT INSTEAD THAT’S JUST THE PUBLIC RECORD.
PUBLIC RECORD. JUST PILED UP PIECE BY PIECE,
JUST PILED UP PIECE BY PIECE, WEEK AFTER WEEK, MONTH AFTER
WEEK AFTER WEEK, MONTH AFTER MONTH INTO WHAT HAS ENDED UP
MONTH INTO WHAT HAS ENDED UP INTO A REALLY BIG MOUNTAIN OF
INTO A REALLY BIG MOUNTAIN OF EVIDENCE JUST ON THE ISSUE OF
EVIDENCE JUST ON THE ISSUE OF OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. YOU DON’T REALIZE HOW BIG THE
YOU DON’T REALIZE HOW BIG THE MOUNTAIN IS UNTIL YOU REALIZE
MOUNTAIN IS UNTIL YOU REALIZE HOW FAR DOWN THE GROUND IS, BUT
HOW FAR DOWN THE GROUND IS, BUT WE’RE WAY UP HERE NOW.
WE’RE WAY UP HERE NOW. ON THE DAY AFTER THE MIDTERM
ON THE DAY AFTER THE MIDTERM ELECTION WHEN THE PRESIDENT
ELECTION WHEN THE PRESIDENT FIRED ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF
FIRED ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS AND INSTALLED MATT
SESSIONS AND INSTALLED MATT WHITAKER IN HIS PLACE, HE
WHITAKER IN HIS PLACE, HE ADMITTED ALMOST INSTANTLY IN AN
ADMITTED ALMOST INSTANTLY IN AN INTERVIEW WITH THE DAILY CALLER
INTERVIEW WITH THE DAILY CALLER HE PUT MATT WHITAKER THERE
HE PUT MATT WHITAKER THERE BECAUSE OF THE RUSSIA
BECAUSE OF THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THERE AROSEMEAD IMMEDIATE CONCER
THERE AROSEMEAD IMMEDIATE CONCER THAT HE WOULD SHUT DOWN THE
THAT HE WOULD SHUT DOWN THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION, JUST
MUELLER INVESTIGATION, JUST QUESTION OF WHEN AND HOW AND HOW
QUESTION OF WHEN AND HOW AND HOW MUCH WE WOULD KNOW ABOUT IT.
MUCH WE WOULD KNOW ABOUT IT. SHORTLY THEREAFTER, SOMEBODY
SHORTLY THEREAFTER, SOMEBODY REALLY INTERESTING RAN A REALLY
REALLY INTERESTING RAN A REALLY INTERESTING FLAG UP THE
INTERESTING FLAG UP THE PROVERBIAL FLAGPOLE.
PROVERBIAL FLAGPOLE. JAMES BAKER PUBLISHED A PIECE
JAMES BAKER PUBLISHED A PIECE WHICH DREW ATTENTION TO A REALLY
WHICH DREW ATTENTION TO A REALLY SPECIFIC PART OF THE LEGAL
SPECIFIC PART OF THE LEGAL PRECEDENT OF PRESIDENTIAL
PRECEDENT OF PRESIDENTIAL CRIMINAL MISBEHAVIOR HERE.
CRIMINAL MISBEHAVIOR HERE. SPECIFICALLY ABOUT WHAT NIXON
SPECIFICALLY ABOUT WHAT NIXON DID.
DID. PART OF NIXON’S CRIMINAL HISTORY
PART OF NIXON’S CRIMINAL HISTORY IS HE DID USE CONTACT WITH THE
IS HE DID USE CONTACT WITH THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO SPY ON THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO SPY ON THE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. PART OF THE WAY NIXON DID THAT
PART OF THE WAY NIXON DID THAT WAS HIS FREQUENT CONTACT WITH A
WAS HIS FREQUENT CONTACT WITH A MAN WHO WAS THEN THE HEAD OF THE
MAN WHO WAS THEN THE HEAD OF THE CRIMINAL DIVISION AT THE JUSTICE
CRIMINAL DIVISION AT THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT.
DEPARTMENT. HIS MEETINGS WITH HENRY
HIS MEETINGS WITH HENRY PETERSON, HIS REPEATED CALLS
PETERSON, HIS REPEATED CALLS WITH PETERSON, HE EXTRACTED KEY
WITH PETERSON, HE EXTRACTED KEY INFORMATION ABOUT WHAT WAS GOING
INFORMATION ABOUT WHAT WAS GOING ON IN WATERGATE, WHAT WAS GOING
ON IN WATERGATE, WHAT WAS GOING ON WITH KEY WITNESSES BEFORE THE
ON WITH KEY WITNESSES BEFORE THE GRAND JURY, AND NIXON DID THAT,
GRAND JURY, AND NIXON DID THAT, SO HE AND HIS LEGAL TEAM COULD
SO HE AND HIS LEGAL TEAM COULD STRATEGIZE AROUND IT.
STRATEGIZE AROUND IT. RIGHT NOW THERE ARE CONCERNS
RIGHT NOW THERE ARE CONCERNS WHETHER MATT WHITAKER IS PLAYING
WHETHER MATT WHITAKER IS PLAYING THAT ROLE FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP.
THAT ROLE FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP. IT WAS PROVOCATIVE FOR JAMES
IT WAS PROVOCATIVE FOR JAMES BAKER, ENOUGH TO PUBLISH THAT
BAKER, ENOUGH TO PUBLISH THAT PIECE, RIGHT AFTER MATT WHITAKER
PIECE, RIGHT AFTER MATT WHITAKER WAS NAMED.
WAS NAMED. THIS IS BAKER POINTING OUT THAT,
THIS IS BAKER POINTING OUT THAT, YOU KNOW, WHEN NIXON USED THE
YOU KNOW, WHEN NIXON USED THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL AS A
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL AS A BACK CHANNEL OF INFORMATION AND
BACK CHANNEL OF INFORMATION AND INTEL THAT TARGETED HIM, THAT
INTEL THAT TARGETED HIM, THAT WAS TREATED AS AN IMPEACHABLE
WAS TREATED AS AN IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE FOR THAT PRESIDENT.
OFFENSE FOR THAT PRESIDENT. AND THIS IS A VERY LIVE ISSUE.
AND THIS IS A VERY LIVE ISSUE. WHETHER MATT WHITAKER RIGHT NOW
WHETHER MATT WHITAKER RIGHT NOW IS BACK CHANNELING INFORMATION
IS BACK CHANNELING INFORMATION ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION TO
ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION TO PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. HOW WE’LL FIND OUT ABOUT IT, IF
HOW WE’LL FIND OUT ABOUT IT, IF THAT’S HAPPENING, WHO WILL
THAT’S HAPPENING, WHO WILL COLLECT EVIDENCE OF THAT, WHO
COLLECT EVIDENCE OF THAT, WHO WILL PROSECUTE IT, IF IT IS
WILL PROSECUTE IT, IF IT IS PROVEN, WHICH IS MADE ALL THE
PROVEN, WHICH IS MADE ALL THE MORE COMPLICATED, ALL THE MORE
MORE COMPLICATED, ALL THE MORE URGENT BY THE PROSPECT THAT MATT
URGENT BY THE PROSPECT THAT MATT WHITAKER MAY NOT JUST BE
WHITAKER MAY NOT JUST BE PROVIDING INTELLIGENCE TO THE
PROVIDING INTELLIGENCE TO THE WHITE HOUSE, HE MAY BE
WHITE HOUSE, HE MAY BE THROTTLING THE INVESTIGATION
THROTTLING THE INVESTIGATION SECRETLY RIGHT NOW FROM INSIDE
SECRETLY RIGHT NOW FROM INSIDE THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, AND HOW
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, AND HOW WOULD WE KNOW ABOUT THAT?
WOULD WE KNOW ABOUT THAT? ON TOP OF THAT, WITHIN THE LAST
ON TOP OF THAT, WITHIN THE LAST 4
4 24 HOURS WE HAVE EVIDENCE THAT
24 HOURS WE HAVE EVIDENCE THAT THE PRESIDENT, THIS IS
THE PRESIDENT, THIS IS CONFIRMED, UNCONTESTED, THAT HE
CONFIRMED, UNCONTESTED, THAT HE HAS ANOTHER ONGOING SOURCE OF
HAS ANOTHER ONGOING SOURCE OF INFORMATION FROM INSIDE THE
INFORMATION FROM INSIDE THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION, NAMELY
MUELLER INVESTIGATION, NAMELY HIS NORMER CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN,
HIS NORMER CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN, PAUL MANAFORT.
PAUL MANAFORT. THIS REVELATION THAT HIS FORMER
THIS REVELATION THAT HIS FORMER CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN, WHO IS
CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN, WHO IS SUPPOSEDLY COOPERATING, HAS BEEN
SUPPOSEDLY COOPERATING, HAS BEEN EFFECTIVELY FUNCTIONING AS A SPY
EFFECTIVELY FUNCTIONING AS A SPY FOR TRUMP’S DEFENSE.
FOR TRUMP’S DEFENSE. INSIDE THE PROSECUTION.
INSIDE THE PROSECUTION. THAT IS OBVIOUSLY BLOWING UP THE
THAT IS OBVIOUSLY BLOWING UP THE CRIMINAL CASE THAT INVOLVES PAUL
CRIMINAL CASE THAT INVOLVES PAUL MANAFORT, BUT IT ALSO MEANS THE
MANAFORT, BUT IT ALSO MEANS THE PRESIDENT AND HIS LEGAL TEAM ARE
PRESIDENT AND HIS LEGAL TEAM ARE NOW ADMITTING OUT LOUD, IN
NOW ADMITTING OUT LOUD, IN PUBLIC, THAT THEY ARE COLLUDING
PUBLIC, THAT THEY ARE COLLUDING WITH A CONVICTED FELON TO GAIN
WITH A CONVICTED FELON TO GAIN INTELLIGENCE ON THE PROSECUTION,
INTELLIGENCE ON THE PROSECUTION, BASICALLY IN ORDER TO DISCREDIT
BASICALLY IN ORDER TO DISCREDIT AND OUTMANEUVER THOSE
AND OUTMANEUVER THOSE PROSECUTORS WHO ARE
PROSECUTORS WHO ARE INVESTIGATING THE PRESIDENT.
INVESTIGATING THE PRESIDENT. THEY ARE OPENLY ADMITTING IT.
THEY ARE OPENLY ADMITTING IT. WHICH WOULD BE A MASSIVE EXPOSE
WHICH WOULD BE A MASSIVE EXPOSE IF IT WERE UNVEILED AS AN
IF IT WERE UNVEILED AS AN EXPOSE.
EXPOSE. BUT RIGHT NOW IT’S JUST ONE MORE
BUT RIGHT NOW IT’S JUST ONE MORE ROCK ON TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN.
ROCK ON TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN. IT DOES MEAN FOR ONCE, WE MIGHT
IT DOES MEAN FOR ONCE, WE MIGHT BE IN TRULY UNPRECEDENTED LEGAL
BE IN TRULY UNPRECEDENTED LEGAL TERRITORY, RIGHT?
TERRITORY, RIGHT? I MEAN, NIXON GOT A BACK CHANNEL
I MEAN, NIXON GOT A BACK CHANNEL INTO THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, WE
INTO THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, WE KNOW A LITTLE BIT ABOUT WHAT
KNOW A LITTLE BIT ABOUT WHAT NIXON DID.
NIXON DID. NIXON DIDN’T USE A CONVICTED
NIXON DIDN’T USE A CONVICTED FELON IN THE MIDDLE OF HIS
FELON IN THE MIDDLE OF HIS CRIMINAL CASE, THAT’S HIS BACK
CRIMINAL CASE, THAT’S HIS BACK CHANNEL.
CHANNEL. WE HAVE NOW, BETWEEN WHAT WE
WE HAVE NOW, BETWEEN WHAT WE LEARNED IN THE ’70s ABOUT NIXON,
LEARNED IN THE ’70s ABOUT NIXON, WE HAVE ALL THE EVIDENCE ABOUT
WE HAVE ALL THE EVIDENCE ABOUT WHAT NIXON DID AND IT’S
WHAT NIXON DID AND IT’S STAGGERING.
STAGGERING. BUT EVEN NIXON NEVER DID
BUT EVEN NIXON NEVER DID ANYTHING LIKE THIS.
ANYTHING LIKE THIS. AND SO IF THIS IS ALL HAPPENING
AND SO IF THIS IS ALL HAPPENING IN PLAIN SIGHT RIGHT NOW, HOW
IN PLAIN SIGHT RIGHT NOW, HOW DOES IT GET FIXED?
DOES IT GET FIXED? AND BY WHOM?
AND BY WHOM? AND WHAT ARE THE BIGGEST RISKS